Api docs for permissoned token (#318)
scale-it/algo-builder: examples/permissioned-token/README.md

- *implementation of the solution above using algob*: [examples/restricted-assets](/examples/restricted-assets)

Link to spec of current template: [https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Algob-Security-Token-Template-FR2LXhVg3edevYPBQZw6F](https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Algob-Security-Token-Template-FR2LXhVg3edevYPBQZw6F)

### API Doc

#### Common

1. *totalSupply(assetIndex)*: returns total supply of the asset (*asset.total* - *asaReserveHolding.amount*).

#### Admin
1. *issue(address, amount)*: Group of 2 transactions

>    - *tx1*: Call to controller smart contract with a) application arg `str:issue` b) foreign Asset: `assetIndex` - signed by asset reserve (issuer).

Author: > Call to controller stateful smart contract

This is what we have now. Let's keep it that way (as we do `CallNoOpSSC` in transaction type, which indicates calling SSC).

- *implementation of the solution above using algob*: [examples/restricted-assets](/examples/restricted-assets)

Link to spec of current template: [https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Algob-Security-Token-Template-FR2LXhVg3edevYPBQZw6F](https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Algob-Security-Token-Template-FR2LXhVg3edevYPBQZw6F)

> ### API Doc
> Below we describe different use cases. We describe a use case using a function notation (along with transaction group structure). We implement that function in scripts, but for direct integration in smart contracts, you need to construct transactions as described below.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Use Case API

Below we describe different use cases implemented by the smart contract suite. We use a function notation for a use-case, along with description of transaction group which has to be created. We implemented that use cases using functions in `scripts` directory. For direct integration in smart contracts, you need to construct transactions as described below.

```

> #### Common

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Query
```

> 1. [*totalSupply(assetIndex)*](examples/permissioned-token/scripts/common/common.js): returns total supply of the asset (*asset.total* - *asaReserveHolding.amount*).

Reviewer: Please add a line how to get user token holding (this is a standard ASA query).

Author: ok

#### Admin
1. [*issue(address, amount)*](examples/permissioned-token/scripts/admin/issue.js): Group of 2 transactions
   - *tx1*: Call to controller smart contract with a) application arg `str:issue` b) foreign Asset: `assetIndex` - signed by asset reserve (issuer).
   - *tx2*: Asset clawback transaction from asset reserve to address = `address`, amount = `amount`.

2. [*kill()*](examples/permissioned-token/scripts/admin/kill.js): Application call to controller with a) appArg `str:kill` and b) foreignAsset `assetIndex`- signed by asset manager.

3. [*forceTransfer (fromAddress, toAddress, amount)*](examples/permissioned-token/scripts/admin/force-transfer.js): Group of 4 transactions
   - *tx1*: Call to controller smart contract with a) application arg `str:force_transfer` b) foreign Asset: `assetIndex` - signed by asset manager.
   - *tx2*: Asset clawback transaction from `fromAddress` to `toAddress`, amount = `amount`.
   - *tx3*: Payment transaction to clawback (contract account) with amount >= fee of *tx2*
   - *tx4*: Call to permissions smart contract with a) application arg `str:transfer` b) app accounts: [`fromAddress`, `toAddress`].

>     **NOTE**: *tx3*, *tx4* can be signed by anyone but they should be present in group. If receiver of `forceTransfer` is the current asset reserve OR if *tx4* is asset config txn (to update reserve address), then it can bypass permission checks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **NOTE**: *tx3*, *tx4* can be signed by anyone but they must be present in group (they validate conditions). The signer will pay transaction fees. If receiver of `forceTransfer` is the current asset reserve OR if *tx4* is asset config txn (to update reserve address), then a permissions smart contract call is not required.
```

Reviewer: Maybe we should reword it. In the second sentence of the note, a reader may have impression that we are still talking about `forceTransfer` - so why do we talk about asset config tx in this context? I think we should move that part to the use case below.

Author: ok, makes sense

   - *tx3*: Payment transaction to clawback (contract account) with amount >= fee of *tx2*
   - *tx4*: Asset Config transaction updating reserve address to `newReserveAddress` - signed by asset manager.

5. [*updateReserveByRekeying (newReserveAddress)*](examples/permissioned-token/scripts/admin/update-reserve.js): Transaction rekeying oldReserve account to `newReserveAddress` - signed by old reserve account.

### User

1. [*transfer (fromAccount, toAddress, amount)*](examples/permissioned-token/scripts/user/transfer.js): Group of 4 transactions
   - *tx1*: Call to controller smart contract with application arg `str:transfer` - signed by *fromAccount*.
   - *tx2*: Asset clawback transaction from `fromAccount.address` to `toAddress`, amount = `amount`.
   - *tx3*: Payment transaction to clawback (contract account) with amount >= fee of *tx2*
   - *tx4*: Call to permissions smart contract with a) application arg `str:transfer` b) app accounts: [`fromAccount.address`, `toAddress`].

2.  [*optOut (account)*](examples/permissioned-token/scripts/user/opt-out.js): Asset transfer transaction from `account.address` to `account.address`, amount = 0, **closeRemainderTo** = asset.creator.

>     **NOTE**: User opts out of the asset to creator (transferring account's asset holdings to the creator's account), so if creator is not the asset reserve, then the tokens from which user opted-out will still be in circulation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **NOTE**: User opts out from the permissioned token. Algorand will transfer all his tokens to the ASA creator not the ASA reserve account (by definition of Algorand opt-out transaction).
```

### Permissions

> 1. [*whitelist (permissionsManager, address)*](examples/permissioned-token/scripts/permissions/whitelist.js): NoOp call to the permissions smart contract with a) application arg `str:add_whitelist` b) app accounts: [`address`] - signed by *permissionsManager*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [*whitelist (permissionsManager, address)*](examples/permissioned-token/scripts/permissions/whitelist.js): NoOp call to the permissions smart contract with a) application arg `str:add_whitelist` b) app accounts: [`address`] - must signed by *permissionsManager*.
```

Author: updpating to "must be signed by.."
